>> Brian Holt: So I got one more
thing I wanna show you here.
And I wanna show you how to
update the the theme, right?
So far, I've just shown you how
to read from the theme, but
we also wanna be able to update the theme.
So I want you to go back to
SearchParams as well, SearchParams.
We're going to make another Dropdown,
underneath BreedDropdown here.
We're gonna say label htmlFor= location.
>> Brian Holt: Sorry,
not location but theme rather.
>> Brian Holt: And
we're gonna have a Theme there, and
we're gonna have a select.
And the value is going to equal theme.
And onChange,
we're going to set the theme,
so setTheme to be e.target.value,
and same thing for onBlur.
>> Brian Holt: So let's go grab
setTheme here, cuz up here at the top,
we have theme, and
we're not grabbing setTheme.
So all I have to put here is setTheme
to grab that out of the ThemeContext.
Cuz again, this is just a hook, right?
It's a normal hook, but
the hook lives in-app.
It doesn't actually live in SearchParams.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, and
then we have the select here.
>> Brian Holt: And then here,
we're just gonna give a couple of options.
So here's ones that I gave, peru,
cuz that's such a lovely color,
>> Brian Holt: darkblue,
>> Brian Holt: mediumorchid,
cuz that's a color.
>> Brian Holt: Or what's another good one?
What do I have here?
chartreuse, that's a color.
>> Brian Holt: Now, a lot people will
probably wonder why don't we just use
Dropdown again,
this looks like a Dropdown.
The reason why we're not using Dropdown is
cuz Dropdown creates its own hooks, right?
And we're actually using
someone else's hook.
We're using apps hooks,
we're not using SearchParams hooks.
So that's why we're not gonna
use our use Dropdown hook here.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, is that working?
>> Brian Holt: That should be good.
Let's go take a look and see if it works.
So now I have a new
Dropdown here with Theme.
If I change this to be Medium Orchid,
right,
that's a nice Medium Orchid I suppose,
or Chartreuse, or Peru.
But here is the interesting part of this.
If this was just a normal hook, as soon
as I navigated to the details page,
I'll leave the code up here
while I'm explaining this.
As soon as I navigated to the details
page, right, it would drop that, right?
Because the component would get unmounted
and all of its hooks would be destroyed.
So it would go back to its default state
next time you went back to it, right?
By the same token,
it would not update necessarily
the details page either, right?
But because now this lives in-app, right,
and in-app is always rendered, right?
In-app never unrenders.
So the advantage of this is now the state
will live beyond page navigations.
>> Brian Holt: So let me demonstrate
my point to you here, right?
Let's change this to be Medium Orchid,
right?
And if I go to the details page here,
>> Brian Holt: It's blue, why is it blue?
It should stay.
>> Brian Holt: Well,
that's not what's supposed to happen.
That ruins my point.
>> Brian Holt: SetTheme,
>> Brian Holt: darkblue,
>> Brian Holt: Then you go back to
the homepage.
>> Brian Holt: Peru, and then navigate.
It's fully unmounting the page,
that's really interesting.
So I'm not sure why it's
fully unmounting the page.
I have to go look.
But you can see it's actually clearing the
console every single time that I navigate.
So that's fine.
>> Brian Holt: What is the link there?
That's the link coming from Pet.
This is why.
I don't know why we didn't
ever end up updating this.
Let's go ahead and update it now.
So here inside of pet.js
we want to import Link
from @reach/router,
>> Brian Holt: Okay?
>> Brian Holt: So
we're gonna change this a right
here,
>> Brian Holt: Instead of being an a,
we're gonna make it a link.
Instead of an href,
we're gonna make this to.
>> Brian Holt: Right, and
we just change this from being a normal
anchor tag to being a link tag.
And now, whereas before it was actually
doing a full page navigation was changing
the page, right?
So it was destroying the dom and
then rebuilding it again.
Now, it's actually going to use
HTML history to navigate the pages.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, so
now if I just change this to Orchid, and
then I go to Fat Boy Slim here,
notice that it's still Orchid.
>> Brian Holt: Makes sense?
>> Brian Holt: Did it also make
sense the error that I had?
It's probably good that you saw that error
because that's what you'll see if you
accidentally forget to use a link tag,
instead of an a tag.
It's another thing that
[INAUDIBLE] is doing for you.
>> Speaker 2: This error wouldn't present
itself if we use the navigate though,
right?
>> Brian Holt: No, yeah,
navigate would also use history as well.
This is purely if you use a, right?
So redirect would handle it correctly,
navigate would work correctly.
It's just purely if you use a.
>> Brian Holt: Good question,
other questions?
>> Speaker 3: With the hooks kind of
utilizing the array destructuring,
if you for some reason wanted
to pull out the updater, but
not use the current state somewhere,
is there a convention for doing that?
>> Brian Holt: Typically,
you just put an underscore,
eslint is still gonna yell at you.
And the way that you just
disable the line, right?
So what he's asking if I have a hook here,
let's just say const
blah equal, or blah and setBlah, right,
= useState with blah, obviously.
Like this, what happens if I don't
actually care what blah is right now,
I just wanna update blah, right?
How would I do that?
This is what I would do, I would put an
underscore there just to signify to myself
that I'm not using this,
this is worthless.
It's the same thing I'll
do with parameters as well.
>> Brian Holt: But eslint is gonna
say this is unused variable and
I don't like that, so the way you can just
do that is just say eslint-disable line.
And you can actually tell it to
disable specifically no unused vars,
no-unused-vars, right?
And then it will specifically
disable that for that line.
[BLANK AUDIO]